OK
Then remember to come back to me to apprentice after you kill people
Do not believe
The second game of the original martial election
Demon beast spirit beast hunting
Rules Monster Beasts Hunted in the Monster Beast Forest
The higher the rank, the higher the ranking
Here we go.
Respect and obey
No apprenticeship
It's the worst choice you've ever made in your life
But in order not to make you regret
I will make you suffer and die
I'm afraid I have a teacher
Your Li family refused to make a move
I don't even bother to kill a bunch of people who can't fight back
I hope you can still be so arrogant in the forest of monsters
Humph
Han Yang, I will go to the monster forest with you
This is my feud with the Li family
It's going to be dangerous for you to just stay here and let me come back
I'm here to participate in the successful 5 elections
Not to wait for someone